GEOS-11876: WPS Longitudinal profile optional distance (#8638)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/community/wps-longitudinal-profile/index.rst

#. layerName - name of the raster layer (coverage) which will be used for altitude profile creation
#. coverage - the actual raster to be used for altitude profile creation. This is an alternative to layerName, allows for process chaining (a chained process might have computed the input coverage)
#. geometry - geometry in wkt or ewkt format, along which the altitude profile will be created. If wkt is used, its CRS will be assumed as CRS of coverage.

**Optional:**

> #. distance - maximal distance (in meters) between points of altitude profile. If not provided, the distance will be automatically retrieved, based on the coverage/layer resolution, by computing the diagonal of a central pixel.

Author: ```suggestion
#. distance - maximum distance (in meters) between points in the altitude profile. If not specified, this distance will be automatically determined based on the coverage resolution, by calculating the diagonal length of a central pixel.
```
